Update descriptions of `db.labels` and `db.relationshipTypes` (#1019)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/reference/procedures.adoc

|===
| Description
a|

> List available node labels within the database.

Reviewer: Do these not get autogenerated from the source anymore? Should it be updated there too?

Reviewer 2: We no longer autogenerate anything from the source. And yes, we need to keep the source and the docs in sync, so that we are able to add a test to catch updates at some point.

> List available node labels within the database.

Reviewer 2: ``` suggestion
List all labels attached to nodes within a database according to the user's access rights.

> However, results from the procedure exclude labels created, for example through the operation <<procedure_db_createlabel, `CALL db.createLabel`>>, that have not been attached to pre-existing nodes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: Same here as below.

> The procedure outputs are also filtered according to the caller's RBAC (role-based access control) rules, and the procedure returns empty results for users not authorized to view those labels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The procedure returns empty results if the user is not authorized to view those labels.
```

|===
| Description
a|

> List available realtionship types within the database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
List all types attached to relationships within a database according to the user's access rights.  
```

> However, results from the procedure exclude relationship types created, for example through the operation <<procedure_db_createrelationshiptype, `CALL db.createRelationshipType`>>, that have not been attached to pre-existing relationships.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> However, results from the procedure exclude relationship types created, for example through the operation <<procedure_db_createrelationshiptype, `CALL db.createRelationshipType`>>, that have not been attached to pre-existing relationships.

Reviewer 2: Or we could add something like "_To be visible when running <<procedure_db_createrelationshiptype, `CALL db.createRelationshipType`>>, attach it to an existing relationship._" to the `db.createRelationshipType` description.

> The procedure outputs are also filtered according to the caller's RBAC (role-based access control) rules, and the procedure returns empty results for users not authorized to view those relationship types.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The procedure returns empty results if the user is not authorized to view those relationship types.
```
